1. Is the following a legal Python program?
   Yes, it is a legal program, because there is no syntax error, but it is not an efficient program. This program consists of
   two proc functions and one main function.


2. Is the following a legal Python program?
   Yes, it is a legal program, because there is no syntax error. This program consists of one proc function and one main function.


3. Is the following a legal Python program?
   Yes,it is a legal program. In the first function, proc funtion is defined. In the main function, a parameter is provided to use the
   proc function. The main function is called to produce the result.

4. Is the following a legal Python program?
   Yes, it is a legal program. It firstly defines proc function with two parameters and then use a return statement to communicate 
   information to its caller.The second main function provides argumentts x and y. The main function is called to generate the result
   26.

5. Is the following a legal Python program?
   No, this is not a legal program. For the main function, only one argument was provided, but the proc function needs two arguments x
   and y.

6. Is the following a legal Python program?
   No, it is not a legal program. because proc function takes 1 positional argument but 2 were given in the main function.

7. Is the following a legal Python program?
   Yes，it is a legal program. The proc function takes 1 argument x and the main function provides 5 for x to get 2*5*5 = 50

8. The programmer was expecting the following program to print 200. What does it print instead? Why does it print what it does?
   It prints 10. Because the proc function comminucates nothing back to its caller, the main function just print the value of num as
   called. If proc funtion returns 2*x*x, the program will prints 200.

9. Is the following program legal since the variable x is used in two different places (proc and main)? Why or why not?
   Yes, this program is legal. X in the two functions represents different things. In the proc function. x is a parameter for 
   function procm; In the main function, x is a variable and we give it a value 10, and then we pass value 10 to the function proc
   and get 200.

10. Is the following program legal since the actual parameter has a different name from the formal parameter (y vs. x)? Why or why not?
   Yes, it is a legal program because even through the actual parameter and formal parameter have different names x and y, but they are
   both arguments of function proc. The proc function uses return to communicate information back to its caller, and main function provides
   a value to the parameter and prints the result 200. 

